PRO-941 Set up (#49)
apostrophecms/a3-docs: docs/getting-started/README.md

# Getting started

## System requirements

| Software | Minimum Version |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) | 12.x+ |
| [MongoDB](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/administration/install-community/)  | 3.6+ |
| [ImageMagick](https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php#macosx) (optional) | Any |

> See the links above to install each. To check that these are installed in your environment, try the following commands:

Reviewer: Up for debate, but I do remember being in node nightmares because installed through this instead of `brew`, which I do think we should encourage. I realize that this would be macOS heavy, but I think we should nudge them. I install almost everything this way.

Reviewer: eh, research shows that no one else really cares. let it be.

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32125/111994681-68cc4880-8aee-11eb-8886-f1fe03038766.png)

Reviewer 2: But seriously, it's fine.

Author: In the case of MongoDB, they do include primarily recommend using Homebrew, for what it's worth.

```bash
node -v && npm -v
# This will display your Node.js version and npm version (installed with Node),
# if installed.
mongod --version
# This will display your MongoDB version, if installed.
which convert && which identify
# This will display the location of the ImageMagick utilities, if installed.
```

::: tip NOTE
ImageMagick is optional, but recommended. It provides the `convert` and `identify` command line tools, which Apostrophe uses to scale and crop images quickly. If you do not install it Apostrophe can still handle image uploads, though more slowly, using [Jimp](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jimp).
:::

<!-- ## TODO: The Apostrophe CLI tool -->

> ## Setting up your Apostrophe project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Starting a project
```

<!-- TODO: Update with CLI info when ready. -->
The easiest way to get started with Apostrophe is to use the starter boilerplate project. On the command line, clone the boilerplate:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/apostrophecms/a3-boilerplate apos-app
```

If you want to change the project directory name, please do so. We will continue referring to `apos-app`.

::: tip NOTE
There is a CLI tool for Apostrophe 2 with commands to create projects, among other tasks. That will support Apostrophe 3 closer to the 3.0 stable release.
:::

> Open the `app.js` file in the root project directory. Find the `shortname` setting and change it to match your project (only letters, digits, hyphens and/or underscores). This will be used as the name of your database.

Reviewer 2: `shortName`

> Open the project directory in your code editor. We'll want to change one line before starting up so the database is created correctly. In the `app.js` file, find the `shortname` setting and change it to match your project (only letters, digits, hyphens and/or underscores). By default, this will be the name of your database:

Reviewer: Side note, is there a reason why short-name isn't configured during the initial install?

```javascript
// app.js
const path = require('path');

require('apostrophe')({
  shortName: 'apos-app', // 👈
  modules: {
  // ...
```

Excellent. Back in your terminal we'll install dependencies:

```bash
npm install

> # Or `yarn install`, if you prefer. We'll stick to npm commands.

Reviewer 2: The backticks don't have a special function here.

Author: I do that to delineate the command. I could use quotes, but I figure that devs might understand that backticks are code stuff.

```

> Before starting up you'll need to create an admin-level user so that you can to log in. After running the following command, Apostrophe will ask you to enter a password for this user.

Reviewer 2: "so that you can to log in" -> "so that you can log in"

```bash

> node app @apostrophecms/user:add my-user

Reviewer 2: Make that:

```
node app @apostrophecms/user:add my-user admin
```

This is a little more futureproof although right now all users are admins.

> You could start the site up now, but you'll need to create the first user if you want to log in. After running the command, Apostrophe will ask you to enter a password for this user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before startup, you'll need to create a user so that you can log in to the editor. After running the command, Apostrophe will ask you to enter a password for this user.
```

> Before starting up you'll need to create a user so that you can to log in, both to edit the site and create additional users. After running the following command, Apostrophe will ask you to enter a password for this user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting up you'll need to create an Admin user so that you can to log in. After running the following command, Apostrophe will ask you to enter a password for this user.
```

# Replace `my-user` with the name you want for your first user.
```

> Start the site with `npm run dev`. The app will then watch for changes, then restart the app and refresh the browser when it detects any. You can log in with the username and password you created at [http://localhost:3000/login](http://localhost:3000/login).

Reviewer 2: a3-boilerplate currently autodetects changes to frontend code (webpack hot module reloading). This implies it'll spot server side js changes which is not the case at present.

Author: This makes me a sad panda.

::: tip

> If you are starting the site in a production or do not want the process to watch for changes, start the site with `node app.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are starting the site in a production environment or do not want the process to watch for changes, start the site with `node app.js`.
```

> If you are doing active development on the project, you can also start the site with `npm run dev`. The app will then watch for changes, then restart the app and refresh the browser when it detects any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the site with `npm run dev`. The app will then watch for changes, then restart the app and refresh the browser when it detects any.
```
I think we should just say this. If we want to keep a secondary tip, it should be the `node app.js` version. I think this is the more desirable result. Most applications work like this, its relatively expected.

# Or `yarn install`, if you prefer. We'll stick to npm commands.
```

Before starting up you'll need to create an admin-level user so that you can log in. After running the following command, Apostrophe will ask you to enter a password for this user.

```bash
node app @apostrophecms/user:add my-user admin
# Replace `my-user` with the name you want for your first user.
```

> Start the site with `npm run dev`. The app will then watch for changes in client-side code, then restart the app and refresh the browser when it detects any. You can log in with the username and password you created at [http://localhost:3000/login](http://localhost:3000/login).

Reviewer 2: It rebuilds the browser-side code and reloads it but the Node.js application does not restart.

::: tip

> If you are starting the site in a production or do not want the process to watch for changes, start the site with `node app.js`.

Reviewer 2: "In a production environment"

There's more to say about how they should run it in production but this is OK for now.
